[Python] Implement new Concept Exercise: dicts (new PR) (#1936)
exercism/v3: languages/python/exercises/concept/dicts/.docs/after.md

Just like `lists`, dictionaries are ordered by insertion order, they are mutable (which means you can change their content without changing their identity). They can also (just like `lists`) be nested, which means that a dictionary can contain another dictionary. Dictionaries are generally used in databases for use cases where looking up things by _key_ are used over and over. Although they are not generally used for use cases with demand for high-speed insertion. This [blog post][listsvdicts] by _Jessica Yung_ goes into what data type is prefered in what use cases, on a more _scientific_ level.

Now that you know the basics of _creation_, _membership_ and _retrieval_ here are some useful `dict` methods. You can get values from a dictionary by using the `.get(key, [default])`, which returns the value of the given key in the dictionary, if the key does not exist it returns the `default` value. Dictionaries also have the `.setdefault(key, [default])` method, which is almost the same as `.get()`, but it also places that key with the default value if it does not exist inside the dictionary.

> The `collections` module ([docs][collections-docs])basically adds more functionality to Python's standard datatypes. A handy class is the `Counter` class ([docs][counter-dicts]), which can count items in datatypes. There is also the `OrderedDict` ([docs][ordered-dicts-docs]) which is a dictionary data type with methods specialized for rearanging the order of the dictionary. There is also the `defaultdict` which is just a subclass of the built-in `dict` module in Python which overrides one method and adds one new one. The `collections` module is a handy module to use if you need some _extra_ methods for your datatypes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [`collections`][collections-docs] module adds more functionality to Python's standard collection-based datatypes (`dictionary`, `set`, `list`, `tuple`). A handy member of this module is the [`Counter`][counter-dicts] class, which can count items and return them in a dictionary form. There is also [`OrderedDict`][ordered-dicts-docs] which has methods specialized for re-arranging the order of a dictionary. Finally,  there is `defaultdict`- a subclass of the built-in `dict` module that overrides one method and adds one new one. The `collections` module is a handy module to use if you need some _extra_  or extended functionality for your container-based datatypes.
```

> Python dictionaries are very powerful and you will be using them a lot if you're working with APIs and such. Dictionaries are essentially an array of _keys_ paired with _values_.

Reviewer 2: The `after.md` document should contain all the information that is in the `introduction.md` file. Part of the reason for this is that we'll make it easy for students to revisit the `after.md` document later, so it will be like a reference document for the involved concepts. The nice thing about the `after.md` document is that you can use it to expand upon things. For a list of things that you could include in the `after.md` document that you wouldn't include in the `introduction.md`, see https://github.com/exercism/v3/blob/master/docs/concept-exercises.md#docsaftermd.
